finished discalimer and commitment page (#1)
chainbound/echo-docs: src/pages/commitment.md

Chainbound vigilantly observes counterparties activities. Any entity exhibiting antagonistic actions towards our users faces exclusion from the platform.

:::info
Should you wish to highlight any adversarial behavior, please reach out at  admin@chainbound.io or via [Discord](https://discord.gg/d4e7BnBR)!
:::

----------
## Data Policy
Chainbound operates with a clear and purpose-driven data policy. We exclusively record user data with the intent to refine and enhance their trading experiences. 
This data-driven approach serves a dual purpose:
- Firstly, it allows us to continually tailor our platform to better suit the needs of our users. 
- Secondly, it provides the foundation for a robust reputation mechanism for builders. 

By monitoring and assessing builders' performance and behaviors based on real-time user interactions, 
we aim to build a transparent and trustworthy environment for all our stakeholders. The commitment is always towards an optimized, user-centric platform.  

_Analytics will not be available on Echo V 0.1.0, users should expect integration from V 0.2.0 onwards_

Presently, Echo retains the following data in its cache:

> - Transactions in RLP encoding
> - The sequence of transactions within bundles
> - Transactions that have been reverted.
> - Builders response and error messages (when available)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RLP-encoded, signed transactions along with their ordering inside MEV bundles
- Block builder response objects and error messages (when available)
```
